$Id$

   Elk was developed from 1990 to 1995 by Oliver Laumann. Sam Hocevar took
over development in 2002. Numerous users of the Extension Language Kit
(too many to mention them all) have contributed ideas, suggestions for
improvements, bug reports, source code, useful feedback, as well as other
kinds of support to this and earlier releases. Their help has made the present
version of Elk Extension Language Kit a genuinely collective effort.

   Oliver is especially obliged to his former colleague Carsten Bormann, who
has significantly influenced the design of Elk since the beginning of the
project in 1987. Carsten also wrote most of the bignum code.

   Oliver also would like to thank Claus Bathe of NME Berlin for securing the
permission from his management to publish Elk 1.2 (from which the present
version has been derived), and Prof. Dr. Sigram Schindler for providing the
work environment for his research work at Technische Universitaet Berlin.

   In addition, Oliver would like to thank Nick Betteridge, Stephen Bevan,
Alan Bishop, Tim Bradshaw, Paul Breslaw, Dennis Brueni, Thomas Dickey, Ted
Dunning, Gerhard Eckel, Walter Eder, Joe Esch, Mikel Evins, Ed Ferguson,
Ram Firestone, Robert Forsman, Ken Fox, Thomas Gellekum, Robert Glickstein,
George Hartzell, Robert Henry, Don Hopkins, Xiaoli Huang, Bill Janssen, Rob
Jellinghaus, Robert Joop, Kazuhiko Kato, Doo-Hwan Kim, Bengt Kleberg, Richard
Kreutzer, Richard Kuhns, Dinh Le, John Lewis, Tor Lillqvist, Christopher
Maeda, Steven Majewski, Craig McPheeters, Zdzislaw Meglicki, Perry Metzger,
Lars Nyman, Richard O'Keefe, Bob Pendelton, Flip Phillips, Norbert Preining,
Dave Richards, Robert Sanders, Supreet Singh, Martin Stut, Brian Taylor,
Scott Watson, and Mike Wray. Oliver apologizes for any omissions from
this--necessarily incomplete--list.

   Sam would like to thank James Bostock, Sven Hartrumpf, Mark Sapa, Phillip
Rulon, Martin Rumori and Sanel Zukan (support for [] delimiters) for their
useful bug reports and patches on the road to Elk 4.0.

